the room okay p via TV to keep it so you
could navigate this arm like a DVD bi /
get some cool ish on here you guys my
baby was watching TV before school in
morning about anyway like I don't like a
computer more of like a like a tablet as
you can't do everything on me
ok so the browsers and Google search I
mean google chrome and just gonna go
through a couple of websites to show you
how high everything work
let's check out as one Delta one YouTube
I'm speaking of black ops please don't
ever try to play it on this TV this
would be lagging like super bad
ok so
I'm going to sleepy this morning but
anyway that was my TV and that's why I
seen me playing on the old school
feeling because that's easy it just make
my black absolutely and there's very bad
I don't like losing so I just use this
TV to watch you and just look at videos
and do sweet stuff like it you subscribe
to my page I'm cutting my TV off now and
i'm going night night for a couple hours
see y'all a baby girl
Joey